Updates for Forms 10.5.6, 13.2.0 and 14.1.0 (#6153)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-forms/developer/extending/setting-types.md

| Name                      | Description                                                       | Used in                                         |
|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| Checkbox                  | Uses a single checkbox for entry                                  |                                                 |
| DocumentMapper            | Used for selection of a documenttype                              | The "Save as Umbraco node" workflow             |
| Dropdownlist              | Used for selection from a list of options                         |                                                 |
| EmailTemplatePicker       | Used for selection of an email template                           | The "Send email with Razor template" workflow   |
| FieldMapper               | Used to map fields from a form to required aliases                | The "Send to URL" workflow                      |
| File                      | Used for selection of a file                                      | The "Send email with XSLT template" workflow    |

> | MultipleTextString        | Used multiple textboxes for multiple entries                      | Not used in core types                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MultipleTextString        | Uses multiple text boxes for entry                       | Not used in core types                          |
```
